everybody wants to do
lads have your local dew point cheap
ultimate team coins check out crazy
cheap coins the link will be in the
description use the code avet five for a
cheeky five percent off all right guys
lunchy is back just before we get into
our clubs with subs we are England it's
another English player I will just tell
you guys I've now been going through the
players it is too late to be this player
today unless you are already accepted
into the club as a striker ie if you are
Wayne Rooney or you are Daniel Sturridge
you can be Charlie Austin because you've
already been accepted into the club as a
striker if you've been accepted into the
club as a midfielder you need to stay as
a midfielder guys if you can please
because that's how I'll base the
positions but anyway I promised someone
that this would be up today I know I've
already put two videos up today but they
were supposed to be one video but I
thought it would be too long for one
video so you're getting a bonus third
video today God and it is Charlie Austin
and like i said as i do believe he
should have been in the england squad
ahead of rigging lambert on form because
that is normally how and will hodgman
Pikmin scored on club forum anyway
that's enough of that let's just turn
around I'm really pleased with this one
guys because I don't know Charlie
Charlie Austin very well but I'm quite
pleased with how this one come out I
hope you like it I hope you're getting
ready for our next session tonight
apologies to anyone that doesn't get in
tonight I have gone through the list as
fair as i can i will now tell you in
advance I accepted someone in and he
wasn't the pro that I accepted him in
for so I had to remove him from the club
I accept someone in as Daniel Sturridge
but when I got the pro in he was Paul
skills but all the midfield positions
had already been taken so I'm basically
I had to decline him so therefore we now
have two strikers up front so on Paul DS
for that guys if you don't get accepted
but you don't get a clot declined this
week the locally hood is leave your
request in because you could get in next
time okay guys anyway I'm going to shut
up I'm gonna leave with this end and I
will see you and
minutes